- [Instructor] So now that we've run through
the basics of Apache Maven,
you might be asking what's next in your learning path
with this fine tool.
But before we go there,
I want to take a brief minute to recap
where we have been in this course.
We started off by looking at Apache Maven as a whole.
It's purpose, configuration, and components of Maven.
Then we dug into the build lifecycle
and the common build plugins.
And finally we ended on looking at the reporting aspects
of Apache Maven in a little bit more detail.
So now what?
I would encourage you to really explore
all of the possibilities of Apache Maven
for your build and reporting needs.
Look into building an archetype for use
in your organization.
Or maybe just a Parent POM
that your other developers can consume.
Maybe you might want to play around with the skin
of your Maven site.
Or even just implement a site for team documentation
if you're not already doing so.
All in all, it's just about playing with the technology.
Finally, I want to thank you for taking the time
to watch this course.
I truly enjoy creating content that helps developers
and as such, my commitment to you doesn't end here.
Often I spend time on Twitter or other networks
helping subscribers to LinkedIn Learning
understanding the concepts that we have discussed
in my courses.
Feel free to reach out to me
on all major development platforms as fpmoles.
I am always happy to help.
So thank you once again for your time
and I hope you enjoy Apache Maven
and find it as useful as I do.